feat: Added explicit reference to telemetry opt-out as discussed (#312)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/static/includes/telemetry-information-notice.md

Reviewer: I believe the header "Data Collection" shouldn't be removed to avoid any confusion around how this needs to be added to the footer of all readme.md files as well.

Author: @matebarabas  Let's please debate this. Logic-wise in the readme script this is a nightmare in itself and can only be solved with a workaround, and 2. by hardcoding the header into the snippet, you're 'assuming' a Level 2 nesting without any reference what this level actually means in the rest of the readme file.

> The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the [repository](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Verified-Modules/help-support/telemetry/#opting-out). There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the [repository](https://aka.ms/avm/telemetry). There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
```
